http://abjovenscientistas.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default
http://br.linux.feedsportal.com/c/34277/f/623547/index.rss linux
http://creativecommons.org/weblog/feed/rss freedom
http://espacoliberdade.blog.br/feed linux
http://blog.filipesaraiva.info/?feed=rss2 linux
http://feeds.feedburner.com/FlossForScience?format=xml linux 
http://feeds.feedburner.com/FreeBirdBlog linux friends
http://gpsl.ic.unicamp.br/drupal/?q=rss.xml linux
http://feeds.feedburner.com/linuxtoday/linux linux
http://lxer.com/module/newswire/headlines.rss linux
http://feeds.feedburner.com/OpenCulture freedom
http://www.openeducation.net/feed/ freedom
http://opensource.com/feed freedom
http://planet.mozilla.org/rss20.xml mozilla
http://planet.sagemath.org/rss20.xml python sage
http://planet.scipy.org/rss20.xml python sage
http://rss.slashdot.org/Slashdot/slashdot linux
http://newsbeuter.wordpress.com/feed/ linux
http://feeds.gawker.com/Lifehacker/full linux
http://faif.us/feeds/cast-ogg/ freedom
https://github.com/r-gaia-cs.private.atom?token=682d5b1db9628648ae40e52146c1cec7
https://github.com/blog.atom
http://www.fsfla.org/svnwiki/blogs/lxo/xsvnwiki-atom/xsvnwiki-dir freedom
http://chronicle.com/blogs/wiredcampus/feed ereader
http://feeds.the-ebook-reader.com/feedburner/cmWU ereader
http://feeds.feedburner.com/TudoEmTecnologia tec
http://feeds.feedburner.com/TecEmOferta tec
http://uevzero.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default
http://softwarelivre.org/portal/feed freedom
http://olhapravoce.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default friends
http://karolsingleworld.wordpress.com/feed/ friends
http://karolsingleworld.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default friends
